##**DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT POLICY**

The Bitcoin Foundation, Inc. (herein "Bitcoin Foundation”) will respond to allegations of copyright violations in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. The text of the Act can be found at the [U.S. Copyright Office Web Site](http://lcWeb.loc.gov/copyright/).

To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide a written communication by email with an attached and signed PDF that sets forth the items specified below. **Do not send notifications by regular mail or fax.** If we do not respond to your notification within 10 days of submission call us at **[PHONE #]** to confirm that we received your original complaint. We cannot act on email communication that we do not receive, whether because of a SPAM filter or otherwise.

**If you falsely claim that material infringes your copyright you may be liable for damages including costs and attorneys’ fees.**

To file a copyright infringement notification with Bitcoin Foundation you will need to send a signed, written communication in PDF that is attached to an email and includes the following: 

1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

2. Specific identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single notification than a list of such works.

3. Specific identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.

4. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. 

5. Include the following statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”

6. Your name, address, telephone number, email address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction and exclusive venue in state or federal courts in Washington, DC, and in the jurisdiction where the copyright holder is located, and that you will accept service of process for any dispute that arises relating to the takedown of material referenced in your notice.

Such notice should be sent by email to **[E-MAIL]**. 

If you elect to send us a counter-notice, to be effective you will need to send a signed, written communication in PDF that is attached to an email and includes the following: 

1. The physical or electronic signature of the member or user. 

2. Specific identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.

3. A statement under penalty of perjury that the member or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled. 

4. Your name, address, telephone number, email address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction and exclusive venue in state or federal courts in Washington, DC, and in the jurisdiction where the copyright holder is located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original take-down notice or from us. Such counter-notice shall be sent by email to **[E-MAIL]**. 